hope you plan on paying for that this is
enough
sugar I don't want to get any rougher
with you than I have to let's make this
fast okay hey up okay okay you'll get
the money every week I see
he needs the first date boss
over there oh we're down safe
come back
by two
fuck this step
he's got a gun you guys want to watch
where you're going
hey let's take a breather okay
he got a gun my sister invited us to the
deputy looking if you need a favor I'm
listening I'll put it right out there
there's a woman I need killed murdered
dead I see you're not afraid of those
words will you help me
yes
a little space please later
please
take it from me you don't want to get
shot
it's a fight please let me you're not a
rebel
my gosh you know I only work here to pay
off my student loans oh shit you are so
fine I bend you over and make you shake
in six different directions you no way
but maybe the cute guy from your crib
what do you want
yep
how much why you take
find the cash
what the hell do you want from me I want
to cut of all the action that comes
through here you got it think you can
muscle in on my racket fuck you